Update readme with industry use cases - Closes #47 (#53)
LiskHQ/lisk-sdk-examples: README.md

# Lisk SDK examples

This project contains example blockchain applications using the latest Lisk SDK.
Each example project represents an industry use case in which we showcase the potential of the Lisk SDK and how it can transform this industry.

Currently, we have two projects ready:

- Hello world (beginner example)
- Lisk Transport (**Supply chain industry use case**)

All industry use cases will be kept up to date with the latest Lisk SDK release.
Also, you'll find an `/archive` folder that contains older examples referring to previous Lisk SDK releases. 

> At the moment, the `/archive` folder contains examples for Lisk SDK `version 2.3.5`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the moment, the `/archive` folder contains examples for Lisk SDK `version 2.x`.
```
I would leave this more general, for example our latest 2.x version of the Lisk SDK is `2.3.7` and most tutorials should work with that version as well

## [Supply chain: Lisk Transport](./transport/Workshop2.adoc)

> Originally, the Lisk Transport workshop has been designed for the **Lisk.js 2019** event. The project represents a flow where a carrier can sign up to pick up a packet and deliver it to the right person in a decentralized way. A custom transaction helps with locking the fee for the drive and a warranty in case the package gets damaged or lost. In addition, anyone can become a carrier. For example, you can pick up a packet that has its destination on your daily commute and earn a small reward for this.

Reviewer: Add here that the packet is tracked during transport and can send alarms that get saved on the blockchain

## [Hello World](./hello_world/README.md)

> A hello world application of the Alpha SDK. Guides through the basic flow of using Alpha SDK. By creating a new custom transaction with no practical use case, you can get an idea of why and how to implement the required methods of the custom transaction interface.

Reviewer: I think we stopped using the expression `Alpha SDK` and just refer to the Lisk SDK instead.

```suggestion
A hello world application of the Lisk SDK. Guides through the basic flow of using the SDK. By creating a new custom transaction with no practical use case, you can get an idea of why and how to implement the required methods of the custom transaction interface.
```
